♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
It's not fair. We were ordered
to return...
to the Hidden Leaf
Village immediately...
But Dad gets to stay behind a
little while longer...
Well, it does make sense.
The Five Kage have to attend
Lord Ohnoki's funeral, right?
And simply put, we're outsiders.
Right, the Old Man's funeral...
Too bad we couldn't attend, huh?
Well, yeah... (SIGH)
Aw, man.
And Mitsuki's locked up in whole
a different railcar too!
We didn't have a chance to talk
to him before we left...
(EATING)
[INOJIN] Damn it. You really
gave me a hard time...
you know that?
Getting friendly with me and
then dying like that...
Seriously, though... I don't
think I'll ever forget you...
even if I tried.
(SAD SIGH)
Damn, you know what? I
realized when we get back...
we're gonna have to face Moegi
Sensei's wrath...
(SHOCKED)
Come on, don't remind me!
I deliberately made myself
forget about that!
Yeah, it's gonna suck.
But, I guess that we gotta go
home at some point!
You sure got that right.
Ino-Shika-Cho always lives and
dies together.
Oh, please! Give me a break,
would ya?
I'm totally craving all the
awesome sweets from back home!
Even while you're eating?!
(lLAUGHTER)
(CHUCKLING) But seriously,
guys.. .
sweets go into a different part
of the stomach, okay?!
[SHIKADAI] Here, Cho-Cho, you
can have my lunch.
[CHO-CHO] Score!! (CHUCKLE)
Thanks for the food!
This is a really strange
feeling.
I always kinda figured that the
old man couldn't be killed.
If only I'd been able to do
something more...
then this might not've happened.
No, you're wrong, Lady Fourth!
That's not true!
Because of what he went through,
Lord Ohnoki was able...
to rediscover his true will at
the end.
(EMOTIONAL)
I see...
That's right. And he also left
an important lesson behind
for all of us, as well!
It's important that we protect
the Shinobi World...
with our own hands.
And in order to do so...
we're going to have to nurture
the youth of our villages.
That task lies with those of us
still alive now.
That is our duty.
Although...
I'm sure that we lost a lot of
trust because of this situation.
So it'll take some time to
regain that.
The villages must become one
again.
To tell you the truth...
I don't think you have to worry
about that.
(CURIOUS)
(SOBBING)
(SHOCKED) Look at all
the people who came...!
Goes to show just how immense
a legacy the old lord left
behind for us.
Lord Third!
I may not look like much, but...
I vow to become...
...a strong shinobi who'll
protect the Stone!
(EMOTIONAL)
I'll carry out your will...
(EMOTIONAL) Lord Third!
We have...
...the strongest and hardest
will in the whole world.
And we'll continue to carry on
that will...
...won't we?
[BORUTO] I'm home.
(GASP)
[HIMAWARI] Big Brother...
(UNCERTAIN) You're back!
(HUGGING)
Mommy, come see! Big Brother is
here!
(RUSHING IN)
Boruto! (EMOTIONAL) D'you know
how worried we were?!
I'm really sorry, mom, but...
at least... I'm okay.
(EMOTIONAL) You had us all so
concerned...
Uh, hey, um, I'm home!
(STARTLED)
(SEETHING)
[SARADA] Mom...
Um, listen, I'm sorry
that I made you worry!
Idiot!
(EMOTIONAL) I was so worried!
(CHUCKLE-SOB) I'm home!
[SA] Mitsuki's been placed in
solitary.
In reality, he's a hero who
prevented a terrible calamity...
but we've got to keep up
appearances, I guess...
Also... what about Boruto and
Sarada?
Yeah well, they, uh...
[NARUTO] They didn't turn
their backs on their friend...
and risked their lives to save
him.
So to be honest, what I want
to do is praise them.
Naruto!
You're back from the Stone
already!
But, of course...
you do realize we can't actually
do what you said, right?
(SIGH) Yeah.
We've been stripped of our rank
of genin?
Whatever your reasons were...
you're guilty of leaving the
Leaf without permission.
So this is to be expected.
Yeah...
I know...
Hey, Dad- I mean, Lord Seventh!
(CURIOUS)
Mitsuki is being debriefed.
When will he be done?
Yeah, well, uh...
There's still a lot of critical
intel to be had...
and he's the only one that knows
it.
Oh, I see.
(FRUSTRATED)
Hold on. You gotta leave your
headbands here.
(SHOCKED)
Please excuse me.
[SAI] So, you're saying that you
went with them...
...in order to investigate what
they were planning to do?
Yes. If I'd captured them
right away...
we couldn't have found out who
the mastermind was.
So instead you chose to walk
into the heart of...
enemy territory? Yes?
I'm sorry.
I ended up getting so many
people mixed up in all of this.
Well, the fact is...
that your actions did prevent a
worst-case scenario.
Although... why didn't you at
least say something to me?
I'm so sorry. I just...
Before he left the Hidden Leaf
Village...
he had ample opportunity to ask
others to help him out.
But he didn't. He came on his
own to meet us.
[KU] He was happy to find others
like himself...
He couldn't ignore his
curiosity...
about getting a chance to meet
real comrades.
Isn't that right?
For the sake of truth. And the
Village...
But maybe those weren't the only
reasons...
(TOWN CHATTER)
(SIGH) I wonder what's gonna
happen to Team 7 now...
This isn't like you!
The three of us will just start
over, right?
Don't you get it, Boruto?!
It's possible we might not see
Mitsuki again!
(GASP) What are you
talking about?
You think he's gonna get kicked
out of the Village?
It's not just the Leaf.
It's possible he'll have to face
consequences...
for causing chaos
in the Stone, too.
I won't let that happen!
If it does, then I'll... ask Dad
to-!
There's more.
He might decide to leave the
village on his own...
(SHOCKED) He wouldn't
do something like that!
But how can you be so sure?
There are many sides to a
person, right?
And what we see isn't
everything.
We just learned that all too
well -
Sarada!
Mitsuki's gonna be fine.
(SIGH) I'm going home.
UZUMAKI
It's possible we might not see
Mitsuki again!
(LANDING)
No, she's wrong. This is the
place where he belongs.
I gotta talk to him...
(SAD SIGH) Mitsuki...
Where am I? (CURIOUS)
Hey, brat!
Garaga!
I wanted to come say my
goodbyes...
"Goodbyes?"
Yeah.... I mean, our Summoning
Contract is done now, right?
That was the whole agreement
we made in the first place,
wasn't it?
Oh, right... Mitsuki's back in
the village...
But I still haven't been able
to have a good talk with him...
Huh?! You're not scared, are
you?
Quit making excuses
and just go settle it once and
for all, brat!
(ANNOYED) Yeah,
Gimme a break! I know!
I don't care what he was
thinking!
Mitsuki is Mitsuki!
He always will be!
If you already know that, you
don't need me anymore, do you?
Thank you, Garaga!
We weren't together long, but
still, I owe you.
(CHUCKLE) Well,...
good riddance, brat!
Hey, Garaga!
About that old partner of
yours...
Guess there are people foolish
enough...
to trust a friend till the
end...
It could be that he, too...
(ANNOYED) I've said too
much! Anyway, see ya, Boruto!
Take care of yourself, ya
got that?!
I will. You do the same,
Garaga!
Okay then...
...I won't be able to see Garaga
anymore. And also...
Boruto!
Boruto! C'mon, wake up,
already!
(SITTING UP) Sarada, what-?
What are you doing here?!
Never mind that!
It seems Mitsuki's debriefing is
finally over!
Really?
No, Mitsuki's not here. He left
already.
Where is he now?
Sorry, I don't know.
Wait, actually, he said he had
something important to do...
He isn't planning on leaving the
village, is he?
No, he wouldn't! Either way,
let's just go and find him.
All right, let's split up and
look.
I've never actually made one of
these before...
...so I'm not sure if it's okay.
I don't even know if it's
something you guys would want.
Maybe...
This is just for my own comfort.
Well... it doesn't really
matter either way, right?
I'm doing it because it's
something I want to do.
Sekiei, I'm returning to the
place I belong.
And you'll get to be with your
friends forever.
Mitsuki...
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Boruto.
Mitsuki! Are you--?!
Boruto, it seems to me that I
owe you an apology.
Back then... Ku was correct.
I didn't go along with them just
to spy on them...
and to figure out exactly what
they were planning on doing.
I wanted to know how I could
find my will.
And to see if my will was
something similar to yours.
I simply had to find out...
Mitsuki...
In the end, I did it for myself.
I was acting selfishly.
I kept everything a secret and I
ended up hurting you.
So I can't blame you if
you're...
...angry.
Maybe I have no right to stay by
your side now...
Hey, do you remember the Old
Man's last words?
Huh?
He said there are lots of sides
to one's will.
You remember that?
Well, I think... what he
really meant by that is...
...it's natural to question
yourself...
or to not even know
exactly what your will is!
(STUNNED)
You wanted to save the Leaf
Village...
and to learn more
about yourself.
Both of those things are a
part of your will.
So both are my will?
And there's something else, too!
You know, I thought I
knew all about you, Mitsuki.
I was being just as smug as you
were!
I see!
Then it's okay for us to be
the way that we were?
No, not the way we were...
(SHOCKED)
'Cause we're more connected now
with a stronger will than
before!
Thanks for that, Boruto.
(CHUCKLE) Don't be so sappy!
I look forward to our future,
Mitsuki.
Yes!
The same goes for me, too,
right?
Sarada!
What the hell?! Were you
standing there watching us?!
(GIGGLE)
Well, the three of us do make up
Team 7, don't we?
Thank you, both of you!
Although...
don't forget we did get stripped
of our status as genin...
Hey, c'mon! Now's not the time
to bring that up!
(CHUCKLE)
(LAUGHTER)
SNAKE
Countless experiences are
essential for a child...
if they're to fully grow into
an adult.
Like meeting different kinds of
people...
and parting from them...
At times one must become lost
and wander.
You see...
what's important is that this
was a time of rebellion...
No, more like puberty.
When you put it that way,
it seems like kind of a letdown.
But anyway...
about that scientist, the one
advising Ohnoki...
Seems his body was never found.
The technology behind
Fabrications...
If not from me, then I wonder
where it could have come from?
I guess the evidence was
destroyed.
Seems so. Who do you think did
it?
Who knows?
In any case, we should be very
careful moving forward.
(TOWN CHATTER)
It's been a really long
time since the three of us..
got to just walk around together
like this.
It feels the same as it used to,
though, doesn't it?!
[NEWSCASTER] The disturbance in
the Hidden Stone Village...
...was due to a rebellion by
dissidents of the current
administration.
It was fully subdued by
Kurotsuchi...
the Fourth and current
Tsuchikage.
Also, amid the rebellion...
the Third Tsuchikage, Ohnoki the
Fence-Sitter...
passed away due to ill health.
Old Man...
(SAD)
(NOTICING)
Is that-?
What is it?
Boruto?
(DETERMINED RUNNING)
(STOPPING)
(SHOCKED)
(SURPRISED)
(CONFUSED)
(SOBBING) Old Man!
[KONOHAMARU] Lord Seventh,
I take full responsibility for
their actions.
So if they must be punished,
then I should be, too!
(SIGH)
Look, we understand where you're
coming from-
I beg you, to just give them
another chance, please!
(DOOR KNOCK)
Am I interrupting something?
Lady Tsuchikage!
You came here in person?!
We are deeply indebted to all of
you.
So I came here to apologize
and say, "thank you."
Uh, look, please raise your
head, ya know!
No. By all rights, I owe you a
lot more than just a simple bow.
I mean, if it were't for
Mitsuki and the other genin...
who knows what would've happened
to the Stone.
In fact, I'd like to thank them
myself, if that's okay.
Well, uh... actually now's not
so good...
You can't summon them here?
All right, then please relay my
gratitude to them...
if you would.
And you can also tell them that
we, the Hidden Stone...
will always welcome them as
shinobi.
Wha-?!
Excuse us.
Hey! Kurotsuchi!
It seems the genin of the Leaf
are fully committed
to carrying on your Ninja Way.
(STUNNED)
Oh man. She sure didn't hide
what she wanted to say...
(SIGH)
Yeah, when she says it as
blatantly as that...
then it's really hard to ignore.
(SHOCKED)
So, then...?!
(HAPPY)
It's our first mission in a
while.
I hope your skills are still
sharp!
'Course they are! We'll finish
this in a snap.
All right, so what's our
strategy?
Well, I thought I'd act as
bait.
Yeah, okay. And I'll cover
your back, then.
All right, Sarada, you wrap it
up quick, okay?
Leave it to me!
Don't forget, I'm counting on
the both of you!
(AFFIRMATIVE)
You guys're back together at
last, eh?
You know it!
Let's go!
(AFFIRMATIVE)
Now Team 7 is back in action.
Yeah!
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[HIMAWARI] Big Brother! It's
finally Family Day tomorrow!
[BORUTO] Oh right!
The new holiday in the Leaf
Village, huh?
[HIMAWARU] Yeah! But... I
wonder if Daddy can come home...
[BORUTO] Well, he has a lot
going on...
but he'll definitely
come home, ya know!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Family Day"
[NARUTO] A day to deepen bonds
between parent and child, huh?
I'm definitely gonna go
home...
and make sure it's a great day,
ya know!